

private key passphrase for git: m0njuBh@i
ce:c4:29:71:b4:c3:53:b4:a3:39:55:c7:c0:56:31:31 
Crash Course Website:

Blurb:
TartanHacks is on the horizon! Arm yourself with an arsenal of new skills, skills that just may come into play in all your hackathon endeavors next week and beyond! Taught by a host of the most talented Carnegie Mellon students, these 50-minute Crash Courses will set you up with a basic foundation in everything from web development and design to using APIs to Android development. So while the semester is still young and your schedule might still have a teensy bit of space, drop by and pick up the skills that not only will come in handy in future class projects, but also just might be the icing to the cake on your resume—the one you’ll be handing out at the <a href="http://www.cmu.edu/career/career-fairs-students/spring-2013/Spring-EOC-students.html">EOC</a> next month!


crashcourse.tartanhacks.com
Jeff can't do Friday 5-6 switch him with Celine and Ryhan please
Configuration will take longer but Jeff can leave that
ask Celine...
YOU add in the logo AND UPDATE SPONSORS LIST--ask quintin or 	
	just get from company websites

Ebay wants to be the next partner
deploy scripts...add in the logo...single branch instead of
develop and production

Jeff giving me power to deploy websites after adding me into Web Team... XD

in scottylabs server:
1. deploy crashcourse.tartanhacks.com (permission denied)

make new PRIVATE KEY not public keys as listed on SSH 
	bc permission denied again--remote hung up unexpectedly
	


General:
--WHERE are all the crash courses happening? Do we have specific rooms?
	Or will we simply be telling everyone, including the speakers, that
	they are in  GHC's 4th floor?
	Quintin will be booking with Catherine tomorrow
	EMAIL QUINTIN SCHEDULE--also Workshop Workshop
--WHERE is the workshop workshop going to be held?
--I will send out info to all the speakers about office hours in the same 
	email as the locations
--I'm working on copying the SkillSwap website to a CrashCourse website and I have
	specific questions for that. Most importantly, I don't know yet know all the
	git integration with git--I think Julia told me to make a fork. I'll be working 
	on figuring that out, but in the meanwhile, I went through and already changed
	the content information to the best of my ability so that it reflects 
	CrashCourse instead of SkillSwap. 
--Don't have blurbs for Using APIs, Ruby on Rails and Visual Design--not a big deal
--Ryhan wants to change scheduling--ASK IF OK WITH GROUP FIRST--then ask separately?
	for Advanced HTML--he wants it either Friday or 
	earlier Saturday. This would mean moving Celine's Intro to 5-5:50pm
	on Friday, and then moving Jeff's The Internet Demystified to or Using APIs to
	Saturday 5-5:50pm into Ryhan's slot (the only Saturday class). Is this possible?

Index: 
--Logo for Crash Course
--who is publicizing it? And will there be a FB RSVP link? (ifrst paragraph in span)
--LOCATIONS
--Orange banner: should we still link to ACM@CMU?
--Put "Hosted By:" and ScottyLabs, Women@SCS and Project Olympus? 
	Need images
The individual links to the crash courses:
--I removed the logos for who created and sponsored everything for ease
--need CrashCourse logo

	
	
	Jeff--The Internet Demystified from Friday to Saturday at the same time, 5-5:50pm?
	Celine--Intro to HTML moved an hour earlier, on Friday 5-5:50pm?
	Then we can have Ryhan's Advanced HTML right after Celine's intro